and you mentioned it's become prone to
buy from you in so I said we would come
back to this or coming back to it right
now because you're talking about your
gonna be launching your second quarter
as you have this dedicated email list of
a thousand people but not only that you
have students who have already purchased
from you they've demonstrated the
willingness to spend money and when
you're producing so when this second
chorus comes out you're not going to
have this opportunity to do a very
different type of marketing than you
were able to do with your first course
and so what are some of the things that
you're going to be able to do
differently and you are gonna do
differently and what are some of the
things you learn from your experiences
where you are doubling down putting more
if your energy differently
yeah you said you got a system in place
for your morning just do it exactly the
system and I finally got in place I
finally I've been thinking about this
for a long time and then it was like you
know all the logistics fre many course
not actually I'm new to me which is the
platform where it's three short video
and they're delivered by email
where you sign up and then you get the
first left in March and then I'll email
you the next a link to the next email
you a link to the next video date you
then you take less than ever to you and
then three to three days later he gets a
number three videos 30 minutes
learning basic techniques are you making
like you learn this and you get it down
and you can basically do you anything
else from there right now in the weeds
lessons in this free course this free
workshop are actually taken from my
world and beyond to like most of them
differently just like three different
videos that does what that does for me
and why it's working is if you wanna the
less you are really do need to go to my
website hp.com eat then you'll see a
pop-up and not only look up in the
bottom right hand corner for this report
I think that it is it's pretty darn easy
to get people to sign up for something
that's free especially if it's something
they're interested in so even if they
don't know you very well even if your
website if they see as she does this for
free and then I want to learn that
there's hardly any barrier and last
year's Super Duty with your email
address and ensure that there is no like
there is somebody who's coming to the
meeting you for the first time basically
there's all these things going through
their minds $99 but I don't know who
this person or whenever there's too many
packs when you have to make a decision
about actually buying something when
it's free and they're interested it's so
simple email addresses right so they've
signed up for this less that tells me to
its
it's very clearly for beginners like you
don't know this thing I know so that
tells me that I'm talking to the right
person right person no I'm not actually
on this may be a sigh conversation
anyway there have been sweet each other
to sunflower ok sorry I just read the
last moment so I tells me that they're
interested in teaching and that there at
the right level then I'm teaching so I'm
set up is this e-mail sequence for the
first three emails army giving the
lesson I don't ask for anything I just
send them when latin later than I know
that this is the first time that they've
met me it shows what I have to offer my
teaching style is that they understand
and there's nothing the polity so this
makes sense to me if this is not
necessarily the perfect formula for
every product you're selling the right
if you're trying to sell ebook then you
might want to send out a free seat once
we got so that they can get a sense of
writing style just something that really
aligns with your product that you have
to build that trust relationship it
kinda buildup of reciprocity that you
mentioned earlier where you give them
something for free and they kind of feel
like if you ask them for something they
are much more likely especially enjoyed
what you had to share with them they're
much more likely to say yes you know I
feel comfortable spending and it may be
$19.99 specially with lower price
it's it's still not easy by any means
because you write messages and make the
sale right after you delivered your your
free goodies in you
relationship then you can let them know
I do you like what you learn learn and
you are ready to take it to the next
level for you i think i mean that the
idea of you anything you want to you
just make it work